Wait a minute.
Dong Fansheng relies on your subordinates
It can also make the security guard threaten to impress me
Two legs drove me out of Yongning Club
How dare Fansheng
I only have today because the eldest lady mentioned it
Who offended the eldest lady?
Give me three minutes.
I must get
Humph for three minutes.
I only give you 1 minute to play
Is it interesting to continue?
Ye Feng
Is the actor you hired quite dedicated?
I even found Mr. Dong's phone number
Hey, it's actually no trouble.
Entrance of Yongning Club
Paste the photos and names of all the staff
Professional cheaters like them
You must have done your homework before you came
But it's a pity that this time it's a mess
Our Dong was always appointed by Miss Shangguan
We met him in various wealthy families of the Ming Dynasty
Be polite
Just give him a minute
What a big breath